add cluster queue metrics docs (#2248)
buildkite/docs: pages/clusters/queue_metrics.md

> # Queue metrics

Reviewer: I think we should include "clusters" in the page title to help with on-site search results.

```suggestion
# Queue metrics in clusters
```

(This is just an update to the page title, not the nav)

> Queue metrics show you the most important statistics to help you optimize your agent setup and
> monitor your cluster's performance. These statistics are updated on the page every 10 seconds.

Reviewer: Style: Using too many pronouns in a sentence can make it harder to read.

```suggestion
Queue metrics show the most important statistics to help you optimize your agent setup and monitor a cluster's performance. These statistics are updated on the page every 10 seconds.
```

> 

Reviewer: Since this page is all about the panel in the UI, I think we should include a screenshot of it here. It'll also help ground the parts the rest of the page refer to.

> ## Agents panel

Reviewer: Markdown style: Add a blank line after headings.

```suggestion
## Agents panel

```

> Agents Connected is the number of agents connected to this cluster queue. The circular chart
> represents the fraction of agents that are busy working on jobs compared to those that are idle and
> ready for a job. Hovering over the Agents Connected chart pops up the Agent Utilization panel which
> shows the same information as the circular chart but with the numerical percentages of agents in
> use vs idle.

Reviewer: I think we can simplify this a little. I'm also using italics to draw attention to the key term and UI text.

```suggestion
_Agents Connected_ is the number of agents connected to the cluster queue. The circular chart represents the fraction of agents that are busy working on jobs compared to those that are idle and ready for a job. Hovering over the chart shows the _Agent Utilization_ panel, which displays the percentage values for each chart component.
```

> For the purposes of agent utilization agents are considered busy if they have a job id assigned
> to them.

Reviewer: General tightening:

```suggestion
For agent utilization, agents are considered busy if they have a job ID assigned.
```

> ## Jobs panel

Reviewer: Markdown style: Add a blank line after headings.

```suggestion
## Jobs panel

```

> For agent utilization, agents are considered busy if they have a job ID assigned.
> 
> <%= image "cluster-queue-metrics-agent-utilization.png", width: 530/2, height: 434/2, alt: "Screenshot of the agent utilization panel" %>

Reviewer: I think the order of these should switch to put the image by the paragraph that introduces it.

```suggestion
<%= image "cluster-queue-metrics-agent-utilization.png", width: 530/2, height: 434/2, alt: "Screenshot of the agent utilization panel" %>

For agent utilization, agents are considered busy if they have a job ID assigned.
```

Jobs Running and Jobs Waiting shows the number of jobs assigned to an agent, and the number of jobs
not yet assigned to an agent respectively. Jobs Running are any jobs for this cluster queue which
are in a state of RUNNING, CANCELING, TIMING_OUT, ACCEPTED, or ASSIGNED. Jobs Waiting are any jobs
for this cluster queue which are in a state of SCHEDULED.

> ## Wait panel

Reviewer: Markdown style: Add a blank line after headings.

```suggestion
## Wait panel

```

> Jobs Running and Jobs Waiting shows the number of jobs assigned to an agent, and the number of jobs
> not yet assigned to an agent respectively. Jobs Running are any jobs for this cluster queue which
> are in a state of RUNNING, CANCELING, TIMING_OUT, ACCEPTED, or ASSIGNED. Jobs Waiting are any jobs
> for this cluster queue which are in a state of SCHEDULED.

Reviewer: Sorry, I made changes here in the last round, but it looks like the comment didn't save. I think we should split this up to only talk about one field at a time. I've also added a list to help break up the text and make it a bit more scannable.

```suggestion
_Jobs Running_ shows the number of jobs assigned to agents. These are any jobs in the cluster queue in the following states:

- `RUNNING`
- `CANCELING`
- `TIMING_OUT`
- `ACCEPTED`
- `ASSIGNED`

_Jobs Waiting_ shows the number of jobs not yet assigned to an agent. These are any jobs for the cluster queue in the `SCHEDULED` state.
```

> Wait shows the various job wait time percentiles for this cluster queue's waiting jobs. The
> percentiles represent how long it takes jobs to be assigned an agent. If there are no waiting jobs
> then dashes '-' are shown instead.

Reviewer: Minor style tweaks:

```suggestion
_Wait_ shows the various job wait time percentiles for this cluster queue's waiting jobs. The percentiles represent how long it takes jobs to be assigned an agent. If there are no waiting jobs, dashes (`-`) are shown instead.
```
